Add copy code button to code snippets (#945)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/ui-components/code.md

```

*Note: for demonstration purposes, we've enabled mermaid on this site. It is still disabled by default, and users need to opt-in to use it.*

## Copy button

> Copy button can enable or disable via `copy_button_on_code` entry in `_config.yml`, as well as set the action feedback timeout, via `copy_button_on_code_time` entry in `_config.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The copy button for code blocks can be enabled or disabled via the `copy_button_on_code` key in `_config.yml`. By default, the value of this key is `false`; users need to opt-in.
```

```yaml
# For copy button on code
copy_button_on_code: true
copy_button_on_code_time: 4000
```

> Generally the timeout time should be between 3 and 5 seconds, if not specified the default value is 4 seconds. In general, there is no real reason to change this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this feature requires JavaScript; if JavaScript is disabled in the browser, this feature will not work.
```
